Call our Diverce at the top of the Next.js framework guide in Workers… (#21103)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/nextjs.mdx

In this guide, you will create a new [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) application and deploy to Cloudflare Workers (with the new [<InlineBadge preset="beta" /> Workers Assets](/workers/static-assets/)) using the [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare) package.

:::note

> If your Next.js app currently runs on Vercel, you can easily migrate your Next.js app to Cloudflare by using [Diverce](https://github.com/ygwyg/diverce), which will automatically add OpenNext to your project and create a pull request that makes it deployable to Cloudflare. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Next.js app currently runs on Vercel, you can migrate your Next.js app to Cloudflare by using a community tool, [Diverce](https://github.com/ygwyg/diverce), which will automatically add OpenNext to your project and create a pull request that makes it deployable to Cloudflare. 
```
